# EE-319K-Spring-2021-Printed-Circuit-Board-Design-Camp-Project-
This hands-on course will walk through the process of PCB design, layout, construction, and test. Each team of two or three students will layout an EE319K/EE319H PCB that contains all the circuits required to complete Labs 6, 7, 8, and 10. The circuit design and software will be presented as part of regular EE319K/EE319H, but in this camp, students will manufacture the interconnections as a printed circuit board. Students will translate the electrical circuit into a PCB design, where most of their parts are selected from a starter file containing the parts already in your EE319K/EE319H lab kit. Students will learn to consider issues like drill holes, high current routing, standard values, tolerances, and testing. Students draw the electrical circuits in schematic form as the first assignment, performed individually. If you complete assignment 1 by Wednesday 10am, teams of 2 or 3 will be formed and the team will create one PCB design. Teams who complete their PCB layout by Friday 3/19 10am will have their board manufactured, making three copies. There are two 20-pin headers and some hardware that will be distributed with the PCBs. Since all students will create similar circuits, students will evaluate each other’s layout. It takes about 2 weeks to get PCB boards produced, so the PCBs should be back in time for you to use it in Labs 8, 9, and 10. To use the PCB for EE319K/EE319H you will need to solder the kit components onto the PCB.
